{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14240\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 DATA SET: playlist_2010to2023.csv\

\f1\b playlist_url
\f0\b0 : Playlist url\

\f1\b year
\f0\b0 : Top Hit year of the playlist\

\f1\b track_id
\f0\b0 : The spotify ID for the track\

\f1\b track_name
\f0\b0 : The name of the track\

\f1\b track_popularity
\f0\b0 : The popularity of the track. The value will be between 0 and 100, with 100 being the most popular\

\f1\b album
\f0\b0 : the album on which the track appears\

\f1\b artist_id
\f0\b0 : The Spotify ID for the artist\

\f1\b artist_name
\f0\b0 : The artist who performed the track\

\f1\b artist_genres
\f0\b0 : A list of genres the artist is associated with\

\f1\b artist_popularity
\f0\b0 : The popularity of the artist. the value will be between 0 and 100, with 100 being the most popular\

\f1\b danceability
\f0\b0 : Danceability describes how suitable a track is for dancing based on a combination of musical elements including tempo, rhythm stability, beats strength, and overall regularity. A value of 0 is least danceable and 1.0 is most danceable.\

\f1\b energy
\f0\b0 : Energy is measure from 0.0 to 1.0 and represents a perceptual measure of intensity and activity\

\f1\b key
\f0\b0 : The key the track is in. Integers map to pitches using the standard Pitch Class notation, e.g. 0=C, 1=C#/Db, 2 = D, and so on. If no key was detected the value is -1\

\f1\b loudness
\f0\b0 : The overall loudness of a track in decibels (dB). Loudness values are averaged across the entire track and are useful for comparing relative loudness of tracks\

\f1\b mode
\f0\b0 : major is represented by 1 and minor is 0\

\f1\b speechiness
\f0\b0 : Speechless detects the presence of spoken words in a track. The more exclusively speech-like the recording (e.g. talk show, audio book, poetry), the closer to 1.0 the attribute value\

\f1\b acousticness
\f0\b0 : A confidence measure from 0 to 1 of whether the track is acoustic. 1 represents a high confidence the track is acoustic.\

\f1\b instrumentalness
\f0\b0 : the closer the intrumentalness value is to 1.0, the greater likelihood the track contains no vocal content\

\f1\b liveness
\f0\b0 : detects the presence of an audience in the recording. Higher liveness values represent an increased probability that the track was performed live.\

\f1\b valence
\f0\b0 : A measure from 0 to 1 describing the musical positiveness conveyed by a track. Tracks with high valance sound more positive (e.g. happy, cheerful, euphoric), while tracks with low valence sound more negative (e.g. sad, depressed, angry)\

\f1\b tempo
\f0\b0 : the overall estimated tempo of the track in beats per minute (BPM)\

\f1\b duration_ms
\f0\b0 : the duration of the track in milliseconds\

\f1\b time_signature
\f0\b0 : An estimated time signature. The time signature (meter) is a notational convention to specify how many beats are in each bar (or measure). The time signature ranges from 3 to 7 indicating time signatures \'933/4\'94 to \'937/4\'94\
\
}